I
Reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance. I don't know how many times I have to say this
Okay, here we go hey hey Jessica
What are you doing um wait wait were you about to talk?
Sir her well, I mean I was thinking about it do stay in your league
Look at how hot she is you don't see me going to a bigger school in a wealthier district. It ain't no there prettiest girl
Gee, thanks, Brad. I throw balls far you want good words data language
They're trying not to worry about it morning
You're a good kid and there's not a premium on that right now
But you'll be getting girls sometime after brad's out of shape you listen the point dad. I don't want girls
I want Jessica ah
Well, I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom and that's not an urban diss
Your mom was my Jessica. I remember the first time I saw her I thought I should get her pregnant
And then she'll have to marry me. I beg your pardon Rick inappropriate. Sorry, please proceed with your story about banging my daughter in high school
I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy morty. His marriage is hanging from a thread. My marriage is fine
Thank you Jerry. It's your house
Whatever you say it is is how it is, but I think a blind man can see that Beth is looking for the door
I barely have a reason to care and even I notice come on Rick
Don't talk about my parents like that listen Morty
I hate to break it to you
But what people call love it's just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed it hits hard morty
That slowly fades leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it your parents are gonna do it break the cycle morty
Rise above focus on science
All right, well, I'm gonna go get dressed for the dance. Yeah, I'm just going to check on your mom
Morty hand me that screwdriver, huh? I'm almost finished making my ionic defibrillizer Morty. It's gonna be great
Hey, listen Rick, you know how you said that you know love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier
Well, I was thinking you know
Could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind?
You know so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing, you know like maybe make some sort of love potion or something
Morty that's such a poor use of my time. It's beneath me hand me the screwdriver. You know what?
No, Rick, I'm not gonna hand you the screwdriver. Yeah, I'm not gonna hand you anything ever again, Rick
I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing
What about me Rick?
Why can't you just help me out once once for once?
You're growing up fast Morty. You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass
Listen, this is called oxytocin. I extracted it from a vault. You know what a bowl is Morty?
You know what a bowl is it's a rodent that makes for life Morty
This is the chemical release in the mammal brain, you know, that makes it fall in love. All right, Morty
I just gotta combine it with some of your DNA. Oh well, okay